I think Project Zero is the name I should go for right now. Project Zero. Project Zero.

Zero One. Project One. Project One.

Project Zero. Isn't it a bit negative? Every time I say this, I may feel negative, isn't it? No, it should bring this to my mind that negative and positive are just mind stuff. If that thing comes up, I need to recognize it, and that will be an added challenge.

Every time I, I say Project Zero, I have to fight this, um, I have to fight this thought too, maybe. But even if it's an inspiring name, it will get boring. Right? When it is a negative thing, it always has this charge, always has this charge about it that you cannot just get bored with it.

There may be discomfort in that, can actually be put to use to realize that it's not actually negative. It is indicating the presence of a mind, of a discriminating mind, of a mind that has memories. Of a mind that has preferences and so on.

So Project Zero is finalized. It's the name for the system for life thing that we are building. Okay, so the raw thoughts needs to be passed through passed through what you call the LLM to extract the— extract what you call the, um— There was a crow and I was trying to scare it away.

It didn't go. So yeah, I mean, now I'm feeling a bit positive. A bit happy compared to when I— how I was feeling when I started out, because now I have a plan for today.

So today I will be— I will be, um— Today I will be— adding this layer. So for now, it'll all be manual, maybe. Oh no, if I copy paste into ChatGPT and let ChatGPT come up with atomic thoughts, don't like it, tweak it, blah blah blah, keep repeating it the next day, forget what the rules were, what I told the ChatGPT to do, etc.,

etc. It'll become tiring soon and I'll stop doing it. It should be fun, okay? So like we said, the observation of thoughts should happen keeping in mind what these observations will be used for.

And it'll inevitably be used for some project, okay? Some project. There may be some facts which we kind of come across, but it's not directly, immediately going to be used in some project, but mostly the things that we want to observe will be— So that it lets us do something. So that it lets us not do something.

For example, stay late. Don't do that. So there's an observation which says if you eat late, you will stay up late.

And you will wake up late. So that is an observation which isn't about a project. It's actually about a project which is about going to bed early project, but we don't want to call it a project.

It can be like the general health thing or whatever. Everything is interrelated. This is directly impacting all the projects I'm working on, but the immediate tag could be something like health, but I don't know, in some of the discussions with ChatGPT or whatever, it said it advised against going with domain tags for some reason.

I don't know why. I think all of the things that I am thinking, I should turn them into blog articles, blog posts. What do you think about it? Because that is— That is instantly giving me something to look at and show, hey, this is what I'm doing.

Don't you see all these writings coming up in my blog? That is what I'm doing. So people are like, oh, okay, something is happening. It isn't exciting, but something is happening.

When I say people, mainly my parents and family and sister and brother. Brother-in-laws and all those people, they're like, hey, what are you doing? You resigned from your well-paying job and you're sitting home and doing nothing. Why? So when people ask like that, I want an answer.

I want an answer. Hmm? Hmm. Not just as an answer, but this is also a view into my life, my thoughts, my opinions, my perspective, my perceptions, my desires, etc.

So, in a readable form. These raw thoughts are not readable. The atomic thoughts are not readable.

But there can be a few topics that I can write about. Write about, right? I can write about certain topics in a long form, blog posts which reads like a story, or I can write certain, like, tweets. Oh, if there are some original thing that— I mean, there's nothing original in what I'm saying.

Everything is recycled and all that, stolen and copied and inspired from and all that. Inspired shit and all that, but, um, if I can come up with some small thoughts that looks like tweets, I can actually post it in Twitter and, um, get some, um, people who are like-minded. Why do I want people who are like-minded? I want followers.

I don't want to— I don't want to fake. I'm doing all this for myself. Fame, money, and all that.

I still think there's a small part which is about— which is about— The everythingness of this, the everythingness of this is another name for the sacredness of this moment, the godliness of— The godliness of this happening, the divinity in you and me, the interconnection between you and me, and so on and so on and so on. So, the everythingness of this, that is a part of what is behind all this doing, not just selfishness. Maybe selfishness is not bad, I'm not saying it's bad, I'm saying that isn't the only thing.

There are numerous thoughts about this everythingness of this, thing which is also actively happening in this mind, which is also trying to get followers and all, right? So I'm saying selfishness is the main foundation of all these activities, I guess. But I think I'm trying to find that too. I don't know for sure.

Looks like that is what it wants to do, but maybe not. Maybe— There's more to it. It is not yes or no.

It's like there's more to it. When you try to find, look closer, you see more. It's like you cut up things, you see, you get two things.

You cut those individual pieces, you again get smaller pieces, like that. So— If there is an inquiring mind, there will be things to discover. There is no final answer.

So yeah, coming back to the Project Zero, um, we'll tag with Project Zero and we will also identify the other projects that I am working on right now. And not really actively working on, but I should because I should make progress on those because there are people close to me like myself, my wife, my dad, my sister, blah blah blah. Um, my son.

My house. Oh, actually, it may be a nice way, better, it may be a good way to call things like, I need to fix cameras in the kitchen, in the hall, and in the bedroom where my baby will be spending most of his time. That is, that can be tagged to The house project.

And there can be a thought about house too, like where are we living? What are the thoughts about house, houses? It is so complicated. Houses are so unnecessarily complicated and big and have so many unnecessary things and so on that we have to maintain. Is taking up most of our time, and so on, so on, and so on.

Hmm. So, I can write about houses if I tag these thoughts appropriately. Hmm.

If I identify that a certain topic is something There can be topics, there can be titles. Title is for a— I don't know how to recognize, like, identify that. I have opinions on how we should live.

It's not like final, it gets updated as I get more thoughts. On it. So I think what I should do is tag appropriately.

Keep in mind, I wanna write about anything and everything. I wanna bring out blog posts based on most of the things that I'm thinking about. And they should be— I should be able to version them.

So as per the current set of thoughts I have had, this is a blog on this topic. Oh, not on this topic. The reads, the blog posts must be short, not like a tweet.

I mean, its title should read like a tweet and the body should be like 2 or 3 paragraphs. That's it. So that people can actually read it, I can tweet about it.

And it would be short and nice and sweet and cute and pretty and Easy to read. So that's about blog posts. I can also identify the things that I want to do in each project if I tag appropriately, like Project Zero.

Then there's mridhu.in, which is my wife's boutique, and then there is, um Um, my dad's YouTube channel, SVK English Classes, and there's my YouTube channel. There are so many other things like— so I need to have names for different projects, and I can tag thoughts with these project names so that I can easily retrieve them and I can easily retrieve them and do something with it.

The first, and this, um, extraction and organizing and all that will be done by, um, it'll all be done by LLM or AI. And that's it. I think that's a good target for today.

And in the meanwhile, I'll also— I'll also need a way to, um, form the rules that LLMs can use anytime to derive atomic thoughts from the raw thoughts. It'll definitely need access to the, um, list of projects that I'm working on, maybe like an MCP tool, but for now it can be a static list, and based on that it can identify what is it that I'm talking about, what are the different projects, what are the different areas, and so on. So yeah, I think that's a good start.

For the day, I'm back at the flat. I'm going to stop recording and I'm going to Go back to my family. 

Summary
- Project Zero is the name for the system for life thing that we are building. I think all of the things that I am thinking, I should turn them into blog articles, blog posts. Everything is interrelated. This is directly impacting all the projects I'm working on.
- Aims to bring out blog posts based on most of the things that he's thinking about. The reads, the blog posts must be short, not like a tweet. Also need a way to form rules that LLM can use anytime to derive atomic thoughts from the raw thoughts.

- transcript from audio