Wrote a note sometime back called "Everything in its own place" - the reasons for doing that.
And just now when I noticed things scattered on the table - this sentence came to my mind.
What is the place for a nail cutter, for a toy, for this that and everything. There should be a place for that.
If we want to overdo that we could track everything in this house and the place for each.
Editing that note to add one more advantage that I just came across.


One thought I had while I was watching the AC cleanup was being done by the technician: as we move to recording more and more facts about life(conversation -> booked technician for AC cleanup at so and so time ,etc. -> add appointment or something or have some heads up thing ready that it can push to me at the right time or have ready if I want to ready - these are the things you should know to get the AC servicing done correctly.
Not for now.

Hmm, also I think something I can do is make it possible to note thoughts from mobile also. Since everything starts with a thought, it may be better to make it a little more easier to document.

That would be possible to do if I setup the automation involving easy voice recorder, Google drive, make.com, Github repo edits - add file, commit

But soon I would be moving away from thoughts being written into repo to something else. So that would be rework. But that is fine maybe?
Yes, it will take more time until we have that kinda backend and setup.

This can make things smoother in the short term.

So these are the steps:
1. I record
2. This saves the file with name like hh-mm.wav in Google drive in place (cant customize this)
3. make.com watches that folder and moves it into the right place in google drive (projects/project-zero/yyyy/mm/dd/)
4. make.com watches that folder also and gets transcript for that from AssemblyAI
5. make.com saves that in git repo

There is one more step of processing the raw thoughts, extracting atomic thoughts, updating project summaries and overall story.
But that can be the next step. It is being done by cursor as of now. Can do that as next step.