Matrimony PDF maker phase 1 surprised me. 
I did not even add the remaining fields to complete phase 1, but whatever was done was nice.

It got me thinking - people will want to make all sorts of pdf forms that they want other people to fill or print.
I can build that can let anybody click a photo of a form that they created using google docs or anything and create an online form thing quickly.
I mean the output of this thing will be PDF, there is no manual document editing.

We can have an AI interface where people can easily talk and get an updated pdf.

I think this is more suitable for documents that have a set structure - matrimony pdf, bill, invoice, warranty, profile, etc etc.

Can actually build a kind of marketplace where people can build documents - harder than consuming.
But people can also consume

Consumers will be 80% and builders will be 20% I guess. Exciting. But we will come to that later. Got a shoal of fish to fry.

How about just dumping all the practical/home/daily things to be done?

Check Kiddough bed rail return policy to see if I can actually order one more and try if that works for the headboard side as well.
I can check this in 20 seconds. CHecking.. Duh, only replacement is possible. I guess I will have to try the existing rails and decide.

Todo: Check with existing bedrails if there is space for fitting a rail on the 4th side as well.

Check product: mobile holder - charger

Product idea: non-inflammable mobile holder that can be hung on the charger with easy way to wrap wire around itself.

Mridhu.in next steps?

Had listed some things in 11/1226.txt

Which brings me to a question that is coming up once in a while now.
Next steps for mridhu.in or any project. Does it not need a place of its own? 
Not a scary task list, not a dense note that I will never open again.
Not anything that I will have to spend a lot of time to maintain, need a lot of time to load the context to understand all that, etc.
Not also acting like a master ordering my future self to do things, unless it is like super clear that it is to be done.
If that is so, my future selves will have to learn to be reasonable and do the should-do things.

Which brings me to another thought I had today.

Have a long todo list turns me off. It is like a liability, burden, boring. Something another person(my past self) has forced on me.
I don't like my past self :P

Always keep a pile of boring stuff for me while I just want to chill or do some fun things.

Instead, how about future self gets a clear picture of what has happened, where it is at any point in time.
Something like an ability to rise up and get a high level view of what has happened - not just a bunch of tasks. Rich, story-like thing with all the why's and when's and what's and all 
that readily available for inspection at any level - zoom out to get a high level view, zoom in to see the details.

Then comes the part which is still half baked - how about a soft plan? next steps/direction/breadcrumbs? - again not to overload by showing a huge list of things, etc.
Something like a game where we see only the next immediate target(s)/direction(s)/breadcrumb(s). Some of these lead to the same area, some can take you to entirely different area, etc.
In some cases it does not matter which immediate breadcrumb you go for. It is all adjacent or nearby points, you can cover them in any order.

So in short we see the past, we see the possible futures and you pick one.
Soon, I believe, I will find the flow of things. I will be flowing with what is soon. And then I can ride it.
What is happening now has already happened. I am typing in english and not hebrew because of reasons that existed before me.
We experience time in one direction - may be because of memory. But I, like many others, think that time flows backward as well.
The best way to describe this is still the head-tail cat example from Alan Watts.
Head did not cause the tail.
Tail did not cause the head either.
Head was seen first through the hole in the wall doesn't mean it is the cause and tail is the effect.

We call the apple falling off the tree as the cause and the apple lying on the floor its result.
But for an apple that is lying in that exact way in that exact place, etc. there will be an apple that will begin falling off from the tree in a specific way.
Past is flowing back from present.

So why I talk about all this pseudo-scientific things?
Because I believe the system that I'm building will somehow demonstrate this interconnectedness and mutual arising nature of past-present-future.
Hmm, more about it later.

Time to wrap up this thought stream now.

I want to proceed from here(recording raw thoughts) to the next step - will check next time.