Alright, so I wanna talk about so many things. Let me just take, uh, stock of the topics. One is about Um, one is about the importance to— The importance in waiting, the importance in giving something the due time it takes to grow.

Like a plant, a tree, a seed, an animal, or anything in this universe, growth takes its own time. Any meaningful thing grows only, um, slowly. Slowly in the sense It takes, um, the time it takes.

Can we accelerate it by providing more attention or more energy or more money or something like that? Can we accelerate the pace at which things grow. So we can do the same to projects as well. As I was speaking about this, something came to my mind, which is, um, about the importance of having a good night's sleep.

So sleep is about repairing It's about review, it's about remembering, it's about refreshing, and that is what makes possible for us to live and do things on a new day. Doesn't make sense. Um, I don't know why, but today I'm not able to let the thoughts flow free.

Each day, remember, if it is difficult to do, I will stop doing it. If it is not fun anymore, I will stop doing it. So now I'm scared.

Is this the beginning? Is this an indication that this thing of walking and talking is, is not so comfortable? It is not fun. Um, I may stop doing it, and I may stop all these projects and everything. All of it will— all of that stop flowing.

This is the beginning sign. This is the first sign. That is a thought, isn't it? It is a signal.

It is It is a signal which I should pay attention to definitely, but maybe not act— I shouldn't act based on that. What is that signal saying? That signal is saying, "Hey, you're doing things, but I don't see any output. We don't have anything out of all this grand ambitious execution thing which you're doing, that we can show to people, that we can show to myself? What is— is this all just thinking, thinking, thinking, imagination, dreaming? If not, then show me proof.

Show me something. Let the output do the talking. Show, don't tell.

Ah, okay. So what are some of the closest things that I can target when it comes to visible output or artifact or something? that I can target. Mm.

See, I started off saying I'm going to list down the thoughts, the different things that I want to talk about initially, and then I started talking about something. And then I actually forgot that I was about— I was planning to list down these different diverse things that I want to talk about, right? We keep forgetting things. What does it mean? It means that to have consistent, continuous focus in one direction is actually a bit difficult.

We have to practice, um, this placing attention on something. Or keeping the apparatus of attention, or keeping— paying attention to attention itself to somehow make it, somehow regulate it, somehow make it flow a bit more lawfully or in a harmonious way. or in a wholesome way and so on, instead of being chaotic and erratic and random, totally random.

The moment I say things shouldn't be random, it shouldn't be chaotic, etc., this thing comes to my mind that nothing is random, nothing is chaotic. What to do about that thought? Oh my God! I'm so bothered by that.

I mean, on one side, on one hand, um, it is this thought that everything is determined. On the other— It is this other thought that there are some things that needs to be fixed. So on one hand it says, um, things are just happening, you cannot intervene.

Hey kitty! Okay, so on one hand it says, see, I became a little bit happy when I talked to the kitty. Already my mood is like lifted a bit. It was a bit— I was a bit depressed or something like that, sad a little bit, because I'm confused.

I'm not doing things as As per my plan, nothing is happening, etc., etc. But let me try to rejuvenate.

Let me try to rejuvenate, um, the, the whole thing, right? So— Let's talk about the projects, okay? What is mridhu.in? That's my wife's, um, fashion business that we are just starting up. It is important to her and hence important to me.

So what we are planning to do— is source nice, um, bed sheets, dresses, etc., etc. Initially bed sheets from different places and have a catalog of her own and sell it.

So her happiness depends on the progress of, um, progress in the direction of Mridhu.in, Mridhu, by Elsa. Her happiness depends on it.

On it, staying alive, there being meaningful progress in that direction, things looking positive overall in that direction. That is what makes her happy. If things are going the other way, it will make her unhappy.

And her happiness and unhappiness affects me and everything that I do. So, I need to pay attention there. Okay.

So, let's pay attention to mridhu.in for a while. What has— what is the current situation? The current situation is that we have the, um, the clothes that we want to sell.

More, more clothes on their way. So that's on one side. Like, Avi sourcing fine.

Yeah, we can always refine this process of getting the best products to sell. I mean, that is a very important thing. What are you selling? Are there people who want it? Is it high quality? Is it good? Would people want it? Is it attractive? Is it suitable for who we are showing that to? So that is one thing.

There we can improve what we're doing, but we already have some items, so we cannot do anything on top of that other than prepping it or, you know, ironing it, presenting it in a good way, making sure that it stays clean and it does not get damaged, etc. So there needs to be a place where we can keep the things that we want to sell. There needs to be a place where we can keep them clean, safe, and, um, easily browsable, if you understand what I mean.

That's about the products. Next is about presentation. So we already have an Instagram page created.

Next is about posting ads or posts about these things. Talking about it, I'm reminded of one thought that happened to me yesterday, which was Let's say we are posting about some product today and after 30 days it is still not sold. So, people can see the date it was posted on.

And 30 days later it's still not sold. Sold, which means it is not that attractive to the other people, right? That's what it means. So how to avoid that? How to avoid that? In order to avoid that, you need to have some marketplace like Amazon where there is no date of post.

There is, but it is not— it is, um, hidden somewhere. Date of posting. Right, like if it is not getting sold then it loses its attractiveness.

That is the problem with these posts, right? Um, so what to do? We can give ads, um, paid ads aggressively and make sure that these things get sold. And comment below that post saying, hey, this is sold, something like that. That's not a good— that is bad in two ways.

One is, ah, You don't have more pieces of the same model. If we don't, then that's not a good sign, right? I mean, just one of that kind, it's not good. Two is people see something, they like something, they try to purchase it, it's not there.

So that's like disappointing, right? That's how— those are the two ways in which this thing is banned. Posting Posting about products is bad for these 3 reasons. Third reason being, people will know when it was posted, and there is an effect for the date of posting on, um, the impression people are getting.

Hey, I don't have to— I can easily create a shop if I shop. Oh, actually that is something that I can do, right? I don't have to create a customized thing from the very outset. From the very outset, I don't have to do that.

I think I should go for that. Yeah. Note this down.

We need to, we need to create a Shopify um, sitefor mridhu.in, and that would do for now. No need to create something by myself.

The interconnection thing, and it's not important at this point. So decision made, create a Shopify site for merdhu.in. That's one decision.

That's a good one. I mean, it was— it— I really— I did think about this before, but I really— I mean, I thought I should create an e-commerce thing, a site by myself, a simple one, minimal one, that would work for merdhu.in also.

And later on I can build on that and, uh, build more e-commerce things based on that for my products, for my dad's products, etc., etc., etc.,

and for anybody else. And it should also be connected to— should also be connected to my Project Zero thing. So the integrated System stuff.

Okay, forget about it. So decision is clear. Let's create a Shopify site for mridhu.in.

So that is a platform, right? Next. Next is the presentation. How are we going to present this to the people? We need to, we need to have high quality photos and videos of each of the product.

And for that, Elsa has an iPhone 17 Pro Max, so we can easily click high quality pictures. and shoot high-quality videos with it. Only I'm not a professional photographer or videographer.

But Elsa is interested in fashion and all that, so So she can easily make sure that the photos and all are of— I mean, all of them are attractive, etc. She can make sure of that. I can also assist with the technicalities of the thing.

We have also bought this Insta360 Flow 2 Pro thing, the gimbal thing which can be used to shoot, um, stable videos. What do you call that? Pan shots or whatever. So the photos, videos part is the next important thing.

So Shopify site photos, videos thing. And then the logistics part. So the logistics part is actually the easiest, I believe, because I can just— I mean, she has already acquired this, um,, enough things that are required for packaging, or we can easily order that.

Have you ordered that? Okay, make sure that those things— oh, I think we had a discussion about it and we were like, we don't know what size package or covers we need, so let the products arrive, we'll inspect. We'll see the best size we can fold it into, and then we will decide on the plastic bag size. That's what we decided, I believe.

Okay, so that is another aspect that I need to pay attention to, which, which are these products that I need for packaging, the covers and, uh, Uh, stickers, ties, things I need to print, the label, the invoice, or whatever, whatever, etc., etc., etc.

So those things. So that is like third aspect, right? First is Shopify site. I can already do that today.

Second is high quality videos and photos. For that, I need to learn how to use the Flow, gimbal thing. Okay, so that's the second aspect.

So once I know how to use it, I can try taking a couple of videos of bashes or whatever. You also need to have some references, right? People have already experimented and found out the best angles and scripts or whatever for photos and videos. So to not waste any more time, I can simply copy that template, same angles, same, um, scripts or whatever, and have this photos, videos thing done.

So remember, there is this ironing, folding, opening, laying it on the bed, etc., involved. So we need to make sure that the folding, ironing, packaging, all these are, um, all these are paid attention to while shooting the video.

Oh, another idea that I just got is we can actually pack the whole thing as if we are going to send it to someone and show an unboxing. Video kind of thing. So we're not sending that to anyone.

We just pack everything and, uh, we open that as if— We just received it. So we open that cover, we show what's inside that, we open it and we show the bed sheet, we open that fully and we show, hey, this is the bed sheet, this is the pillow cover, etc., etc.

Right, yeah, I think that makes sense. I think what we can do, I think we can reuse the opening part of thing. Like, this is how we receive the thing, we open it, and then the bed sheet thing can be shot separately, right? Yeah, I think that makes sense.

Um, yeah, so there needs to be the script, there needs to be this order in which we have to do things like folding, ironing, opening, showing, shooting, packing, etc., etc. So that is the third area.

Shopify side, um, okay, let that be the second area. So Shopify site is first. Second one is, um, shooting photos and videos.

Third is this— set of things that we actually need, like label printer, covers, etc., etc. This is like the third section.

And the fourth section is the accounts, trademark registration, Amazon registration or whatever, Instagram stuff, Facebook stuff, ads and all those things. That's like the 4th thing, the digital, technical, account, um, registration and stuff like that. And we need a logo, right? Yeah, the logo should come in as a fifth thing.

It's about— it's not about photo or shooting, right? It's also not about Shopify site, right? It's also not about— no, I think the logo thing can go into the Shopify thing. It's about the platform. Logo should be a part of that, but logo will be used everywhere.

So yeah, so Shopify, shooting photos and videos, third is the packaging stuff, fourth is accounts registration, etc. So these are the four main areas. We already have an Instagram.

Page created. So next we need to see what else needs to be done on each of these areas and make meaningful progress. Um, okay, we also have one more thing, which is the WABA thing, WhatsApp Business account thing.

We can create a new, uh, like get a new connection. for Elsa to manage mridhu. And that's the fifth thing.

It's like the most difficult thing in all of this is the photo shooting video thing, because that involves showing our personality, who we are, what are we offering, is it good enough? People will judge. Okay, we need to be confident to be able to show the thing, what we have, what our offering is, etc. We should be confident, and at the same time, we should also be presenting things in an attractive way that people actually want to buy it.

Uh-huh. So let's not target just that difficult thing today. We'll do one round of that.

Like, we'll click some photos and we will launch the Shopify site. We'll put those photos and videos there. And show to Elsa so that she believes that this can be done.

There is some progress, right? I want to give her, um, confidence that this thing can be done. And confidence needs to be snowballed like momentum. So, okay.

So those are the sections for mridhu.in. Those are the high-level areas for mridhu.in. And there are different things that we have already done, there are different things that we need to do.

So all those needs to be organized and easily visible. And for today, I mean, not maybe today, but the immediate steps that I can actually do is one is create a Shopify site. For mudu.in.

Two is shoot some photos and videos, the first versions, and upload them in Shopify site. And third is look at the whole delivery process and see what needs to be, what needs to be bought, arranged, done, etc., so that you can actually fulfill an order.

Right, so that's it. Let's stop talking about Murudu.in. So I think today will mostly be about Murudu.in

because I see that Elsa's energy level, attitude, everything— affects me. It has an impact on me. So, if I am to support her, or myself, or anybody meaningfully, positively, energetically, enthusiastically, in a great way, then I need to be able to maintain the momentum, the overall momentum, which like I said is impacted greatly by what happens around me and to Elsa and so on.

So it makes sense to to do something today to make progress on mridhu.in. I can do all these things, like I can get a WABA account, I can get a Shopify site created, I can get these thoughts organized and— get a clear view of what we are doing, what we did, And, uh, what we can do, that kind of a view for mridhu.in. And I think I can do that, um, with the help of Project Zero itself.

So I'm making progress on my project too. So her project, my project, we're progress— we're making progress on two things at the same time. We can do that too.

Okay, um, So this what has been done, what we are doing, what can be done, this thing is common across projects. So if I do this for, um, murudhu.in, then I can do the same for other projects.

I mean, for SVK YouTube channel, I can use the same flow. It's the same workflow, right? I can use the same workflow. And the Project Zero setup that I'm creating right now, you can use for any project— for my YouTube channel, for recipes, for house improvement, blah blah blah.

All right, so it's like an overall improvement too. So mridhu Dotting plus this, um, view, clear view of what happened, what is happening, what could happen. In each project.

So that view, focus on that. Okay, so those are the two things that I can work on today. That's nice.

That was a great morning walk. I think I should return. I'm a bit tired and all that.

I need to take bath, I need to eat. I need to greet my family, family, my son and Masha. That I am present, I'm available, I'm energetic.

But I'm not energetic. I got up at 5:30 in the morning today. How can I be energetic? I lost some sleep, maybe.

Maybe I can go sleep for some time after a while, if that helps. Yeah, I think I should do that, but not now. Now I'll just go take bath.

I will spend some time with my son. My wife will be getting ready to go to office. I'll eat, I'll help with bathing him and, um, play.

I'll play with him. Maybe I'll take him downstairs for some vitamin D or whatever. It's already 8:22.

You can— so— It's already 8:22, a bit late for the walk downstairs and everything. The wife will want to go to office as soon as possible. Or she would be late to come back, so I better go back to home.

Go back home and clean myself up and, uh, help her by doing my part in taking care of the baby and home and all that. And yeah, that's it. So thank you so much and have a great day.