I realised the more we wait the more resistance gains momentum.

There is also some relation this has to zen and all that.

Do without much deliberation. Too much planning, dithering, stickiness, getting hung up is when mind is too active than the situation demands.


Okay, now let's go ahead with Project Zero building.

We are going to build Project Zero using Project Zero.

And Project Zero will be used to build all other projects that will bloom through me.

This is what looks like a good direction.

The data needs to be separable from any system I build instantly.
Maybe there is always a Google drive backup of the entire data.
Maybe there is always a json backup being updated.
Maybe this plain data in Google drive or something is the main database itself if the software is light, etc.
Maybe some software may need only local data in some plain data format.

In the case of project zero, raw thoughts is the only real data.
Projects, atomic thoughts, summaries, story - all are views on top of the raw thoughts.

There is also mridhu project docs. Not too important at the moment, but let's not lose that.

This current website that project zero or jithusunny.com is was generated via manual chat with ChatGPT.
That is a no-no when it comes to the Project zero approach.

The entire development process happens based on thoughts. There can be feedback for each downstream step, but that will again be thoughts fed to the inital step.

I could create a new app within this project, or a completely new one. Or transmute the current one into the new approach.
Confused what to do.

In anycase, Project Zero should be rebuildable exactly the same way based on the raw thoughts alone.

The quality of my attention isn't great now. After lunch, a bit sleepy, plus also not feeling great generally.

It makes sense to do the most important work when the attention is the sharpest, strongest, etc.
That is the morning time I think.

Afternoons can also be good for work, but I don't know.
Maybe if I do enough exercise, take naps, etc. etc. I would be able to work well.


About project folder, etc. - let me think about the situation when this is built.
Software is not the thing. Project Zero is the thoughts.

If anybody give those thoughts to an LLM/human and ask it to build Project Zero, it should be able to build it.

Through phases and/or iterations and all that we would have refined the spec.

There is only one source - raw thoughts.
Raw thoughts are analyzed to find atomic thoughts that are decisions, facts, problems, solutions, tips, preferences, dos, donts, etc.
Some events also would need to be captured.

I'm feeling something.

I'm tempted to invent a perfect starting point for Project Zero.
A perfect opening line for Project Zero.
Comprehensive setup for writing the story, generating videos with visuals of what is in each stage of project zero, etc. etc.
I'm worried it won't be good if I don't do all those right from the beginning.

What to do?

There is a beauty to it, if I can present a clean, perfect story.

But it is also overwhelming to think up the best one.

What to do?

Part of the concern I got is, this current project contains a lot of going in circles, some private info, etc. etc.
Should I keep that in the thing that is going to be the source of Project Zero?

On the other hand, these most of the thoughts that I had till now is really indicating the 
thoughts behind project zero.

May be I can think of some future that's ideal:

There is a landing page for Project Zero.
People see what it is, a video maybe.
They can sign in and use the project zero console to create software that they need
Connect github
Create project
record thoughts
generate spec
generate code
do infra
check security
check performance
test
feedback
deploy
etc. etc.

the thoughts and everything needed to run, deploy that project will be in its own repo.

The first project on Project Zero and the only project whose raw thoughts go into the project zero repo
will be Project zero itself.

So project zero will have thoughts about project zero - a kind of self-ishness? :D
That is fine, I had some thoughts some time back about trying to software that has as self, tries to preserve, promote, itself ,etc.

Right now I have sessions when I record thoughts about anything that comes up - about project zero, about life, about family, about house, about other projects, etc.
So if I need a clean history for project zero, I will have to edit the raw thoughts. 

Hmm, it is to be decided.

Right decision comes when there is clarity. You don't make the right decision. It arises.

Also, another thing that I just realised is.
Project zero or any project will have not just thoughts.
We would also need to store events that happened around that Project.
Eg: Created Oauth client in GCP
With clarity on what are the credentials, config, values, some maintenance required for that?
Can we do that programmatically if required?
Can we decommision it programmatically or cleanup? how? etc etc.

There would also be lots of config/secrets/variables, etc. I guess.
Where would I store those? Premature optimization?

Also I'm worried if I don't start perfectly I may miss some config or something that then makes the project inferior coz
not everything since the beginnign is there, it cant be repeated just by looking at the raw thoguths, events ,etc. etc.

What to do?
