It was a good warm up today. Instead of somehow going through it and getting it done, I took time (20 mins) and felt my body a little more while doing the warm up. Made it like a dance. While that happened, I realised that that is more enjoyable than a bland warm up. That also brought this thought into my mind that if something is not enjoyable, you won't do it for very long. If you are doing something that bores you, you are made to do it, etc., but don’t enjoy it – it will wear you out. The effects and its cause may take time and careful examination to see, but it will be there, I believe. So make the work enjoyable like you are playing, like Alan Watts said. How to make the work enjoyable? Maybe by being creative.

Let me explore this interesting small hill to which I'm pulled now. The wayboard says "potential, energy and creativity". This is based on what I've read in many places, not mine, not very scientific maybe, etc. etc. But still. I and you have a lot of potential in us. If we want, we can do unbelievable things. Whether we do it or not depends on how badly we want it and of course circumstances, etc. etc. Moment by moment we are witnessing a miracle. The miracle of existence. We see birds flying, wind blowing, my hand typing this on the keyboard – what is this? So familiar, yet if we take the time to think a little bit, re-re-re-look at all this, if we take some time to question all the things that we know to be absolutely true, etc. – reality can seem strange too. I ask my niece and nephew at times – Rozanne, what is "this"? She gave the puzzled look the first few times when I asked this. Then gave some funny/silly answers. Now when I ask, she skips the get-puzzled part and goes straight into funny/silly answers. Right from childhood we keep learning and reinforcing a lot of assumptions, ways of looking at things and beliefs and "knowledge" – about what this is, what is happening, how should we live, our main aim in life, etc. etc. This is a good starting point. But for some it requires re-examination. There is a saying, right, which goes like an unexamined life is not worth living or something? I think the point is about the potential in us, or the potential that we are. It is fine if you don't want to, nobody should force you – that is also not great. But the fact remains that you have incredible potential. Potential? What's that? The ability to do stuff. Ability doesn't mean action or work. That potential will get converted to you doing exercise, you singing a song, you playing football, you writing, you having a real conversation with another person (or yourself), you building a system for something, etc. etc. That what you can do is not defined anywhere. The potential itself is a bit undefined – where you use it, what you do with it is up to you. In Hindu thought, this potential energy is sometimes called Shiva and the same energy in action is called Shakti. The visible, tangible universe in form is Shakti, and Shiva is the formless. Like Buddhists say, form is formlessness and formlessness is form. Shiva is Shakti and Shakti is Shiva. They go together. One is another way of looking at the other. One cannot be without the other. etc. etc. etc.

Enough talk, I'm reminded by Steven Pressfield: "Do the Work!"

So we now have a GitHub repo for jithusunny.com in which I'm storing both the thoughts – like this one I'm typing out – and the code to view that. Code was generated by ChatGPT and I'm not comfortable with the code I have already, which is giving me some uneasiness. How will we build the kind of systems I'm pulled to build if I already get scared of a little bit of HTML/JS code? I want some discipline in the way code is written – anything we create we maintain. So no blind coding. But it is fine for now, we are not going to use the current code for long term. This is just a starter scaffold thing, not foundation yet. We are slowly chalking out the process, the flow, the structure. It is not set in stone.

So what really moves the needle from this point? 
Way to enter thought? That is fine, but we do have a way to do that now. Currently I'm typing in Obsidian and will paste this into a new thought file via the online github.dev UI for the jithusunny.com repo. I also need to create a folder for the day, add and update the index.txt thing with the thought title, commit. It is 8:39. Means 26 minutes passed since I sat down and started typing. I guess this is good because I have to type things out, my thoughts have to wait and get throttled a bit. It also has another effect. The train of thought is relatively easier to capture. If I'm not writing/typing, it can be absolutely chaotic. One moment I'm thinking about code, next about food I'll eat today, next whether I should start that project, etc. etc. So compared to the time I take thinking-typing, saving that requires less time. There is some friction, but fine at the moment.

So what next?
Yes, something that started coming up in the recent days when I started writing raw thoughts down: what to do with this?

Let's look at the original idea: thought is like a building block or foundation upon which our lives are built. But we have less control over thoughts. Maybe we can never have any control over thoughts. Can we ever have our own thought? Nah, even if you say, I'll create a thought and choose something to think about and think about it. Do it now. I'll wait. I'm waiting for you to take this experiment and prove to yourself that you are in fact the author of your next thought. What are you going to think about? Some person? Some food item? Some place? Okay, now go. Think. Done? You think you created that thought? But what about the "choosing" part? How did you arrive at that thing/food/place/person and not something else? It was because of your specific life path, things you have experienced, seen, heard, etc. etc. – things that happened to you. Things that are outside you caused you to choose something and you thought something about that something. Is that your own thought?

So thought is a bit mysterious. It happens to us, all the time. And sometimes it makes us happy, sometimes sad, sometimes inspired, sometimes pulled to project A, another time project B, another time to solitude, some other time to stillness, etc. etc. If we consume a lot of content indiscriminately as videos, thoughts from other people, etc. etc., things can get worse. That potential energy is seeing all this input and imagines all the things it can bring into existence. Thoughts bubble up about all such things. In my case, I kept consuming content my entire life but in an accelerated pace in the last 5–10 years through YouTube. This has immensely stimulated the potential in me, but I did not see that there is a proportionate amount of creation also happening. That energy flow wasn't paid attention to, did not know that is a thing.

It is 8:54, soon Elsa and Ian will get up and I will have to retire for breakfast, etc. etc.

So thoughts happen based on what went before. Means we can't change anything? Thoughts just happen like they will and we will, based on whatever thought is popping up, think/say/do things as per that? So we got nothing to do? We can't do anything? Are we stuck?

Maybe there's one thing that we can try. There is this scientific observation that when you observe something, it changes. So observation may be a means for change.

That is kind of what I'm doing here. I'm observing the thoughts I'm getting. Writing them down. Every day. They say, 80% or something of all the thoughts that you will think today, you already thought yesterday. Wow! What a waste of energy! But do we see that? Do we see the thought loops we go into, the grooves that we keep following? And if we see that clearly, will that happen less frequently? I think so. Observation might change what is being observed. Wow, I've written a lot. It is 9 am now. Am I enjoying this? A little bit of discomfort in the chest. Let me release that built-up energy.

Hmm, so we are observing the thoughts and jotting them down. This act of noting them down is already changing them a bit (or a lot), I guess. But that isn't enough, we want to have a clearer look at things. Things that bother me in one bucket, things that I want to do in another bucket, things that are like a project and what happens around that in another bucket, etc. etc.

So the concern I was saying I'm having these days now that I started writing down these raw thoughts is: what next? I have started writing down the thoughts and it is starting to look like a dumpyard. What to do with this? One thing that can be done is organize them. Like one might segregate things in a dumpyard. Thoughts about the YouTube channel I want to start – they can be together. They need to be seen first, before we can put them together. These raw thoughts can help with that. Hmm, let's think about the channel for a bit and see what things come up. YouTube is addictive. I was watching it for hours. It also has links with mind, procrastination, distraction, etc. But I'd thought I will not take words like procrastination, distraction, etc. for granted or use them just like that. Because I feel it is a bit myopic the way everybody uses them. The only thing that is happening is thoughts popping up and you thinking them, saying stuff based on that and doing things based on that. Procrastination and distraction are patterns we project on top of that. So let's not pay a lot of attention to those patterns at the moment. We are looking at something more fundamental here. So YouTube as a platform will have to evolve soon if I want to feel good when I see my growing-up son using it. I'm not sure if that was a proper sentence. I mean, YouTube doesn't care about you destroying your life getting addicted to it. That is a strong statement, a bit judgemental too. There's no good or bad. I'm also good and bad. If I were YouTube, I would have done the same thing. But it is a fact that it wants max watch time, even if that is harmful for you. I have no option but to go on that because that is where everybody is. But soon, if possible, I want to move away from it. Also when I'm on YouTube, I want to follow certain rules/values/etc. Something like, let's have fun and not be constrained a lot. Don't make it constipated. But let most videos inspire. Inspire to do more/less, to go slow/fast, to do this/that – leave that option to the viewer. They know better whether fast/slow is what they want. Use videos to capture this entire thing that is unfolding, make it like a story. That is one thing I want to do. Capture the story of my life. I will, inshallah, write a book about that. I want it to be fun, creative. This will go into the book, not as is, but something about this thought flow will make it into the book. One video idea is: capture the main things about my day and publish daily. Something like every day is like a rebirth. You can see the world in a different way, do different things, or same things differently, etc. etc. Momentum is what matters when it comes to a meaningfully developed pattern. So this everyday capture thing can bring more attention to the flow of things and aid in momentum.

There are more things about YouTube itself: Pappa's YouTube channel, the video pipeline, software idea, channel for Elsa, note-videos, composing videos out of smaller ones, generating story videos based on the everyday happenings, etc. etc.

That's just about YouTube, there are many other areas I have many other ideas in mind. Or thoughts keep popping up about many, many, many things. I can jot them down. And what to do after that?

Decisions.

Projects?