Most things seem to happen in a cyclical manner.

Sun revolves, I mean the Earth revolves around the Sun. So we call a position day 1, then we have day 2, .. day 364, day 365. 
Then the whole thing begins again - day 1, day 2 ...

Electrons goes around the nucleus. I'm not sure if they are saying it is a perfect circle around the nucleus. I did hear things like they are talking about probability of electron being in a certain path, etc. etc.

seed -> tree -> seed -> tree -> seed -> tree

night -> day -> night -> day -> night -> day

winter -> autumn -> summer -> monsoon -> winter -> autumn -> summer -> monsoon  (autumn - not sure about its position)

Some people think: life -> death -> rebirth -> life -> death -> rebirth

cycles or up/down nature can be seen in many things, even in our behavior.
I notice that there is such a coming and going w.r.t my mood or certain behavior as well.

I'm super nice and helpful to someone -> They take me for granted (I think) -> I get resentful -> I become bitter -> They are sad/angry/etc. Then after I while I'm super nice and helpful to them again.

In society, across generations this has been observed: Poor people's kids becomes Misers. Misers' kids become spendthrift. Spendthrift's kid will be poor.
And so on.

Now let's come to the point.

Sun rises in the east, sets in the west - every single day.
Mornings can be nice, or depressing. It depends on us. Our attitude or feelings on that particular day.
No worries, we get another morning the next day.

If we mess up today we get another today to fix today.
Every day that we get is today. It is always today. Yes, same thing Eckhart Tolle says.

We could pay close attention to the happenings in the day, and soon the state of mind during those happenings, etc.
That paying attention could change the state of mind, the happenings, etc - in the "right" way.

So this thought tracker sort of thing can grow into a system that can support that kind of deep observation of the day, which is what our life is.
Like Tolle says, these days become our life. What we think repeatedly, we believe, we speak based on that. Our actions become aligned with those thoughts and words.
Repeatedly doing actions etch them into our character and we become what we initially just thought. So thoughts are important.

So, unless we overdo it, it may be good to have this witness part strengthened with the help of this system.

Another aspect of considering a day as the unit of life is the energy levels.
If you had a bad night's sleep, it is likely going to be a bad day.
Good nights leads to good days.
So if you want to have a good day, have a good night.
If you want to get a good night, have a good day.
I do notice the infinite recursion thing, but don't be silly. You get the point.

It is good that you get less stimulations as you near the bedtime. Bad idea to drink an energy drink and go to bed.
Similarly, our bodies have different energy levels and stuff at different times.
Just like how one must go with the grain at most times for efficiency and least effort, it would be good to watch the body, energy levels and its flow to see what time is appropriate for each activity.

For example, not a good idea to sit infront of the screen late night.
Drinking tea with lots of sugar had this effect.
Eating beef fry at noon, caused burps which disturbed afternoon nap.
This is the maximum amount of time I can sit infront of the laptop without getting eyes watery, etc. etc.

These kind of things can be observed and experimented with if we take a day as the one full cycle.

I could consider I'm born when sun rises and I die when sun sets.
I rise up, live, and then go back to the void.
This keeps happening again and again.

I have memory so I know that place has a hidden well, so better be careful over there.
I can also remember things, patterns, people, events, etc. etc. which lets me do each day in different, new, better ways if I like.

That way, by the day's end I shutdown everything one by one and I go to sleep with nothing remaining in my heart.
Next day I rise after a good night's sleep, replenished, repaired, refreshed body and mind.
I live the day in a way that doesn't repeat last day's mistakes. In a way that I strike when I need to without messing the timing.
I step in where I was scared to the last day. I stay away from what is not my path.
I greet that person I had regrets last day for not smiling at.
I don't forget to take cash so that I can tip when it makes sense unlike last day.
Etc etc.

I could write down certain rules - I don't like that word.
But rules are actually good. It is cool to say rules are not for me, and I used to be like that.
But now it is starting to seem like some amount of rules are needed. It makes the game possible.
GTA is possible, because the rule that gravity is a thing is modeled in that game.
Otherwise, people would go up into the sky when they jump and can't play any fun missions.

So having some rules for my own life may be good. It makes smaller things easier to deal with and sets the stage for greater things in life.
Some things can be dealt with in a sensible way without wasting brain cycles.

So, like we figured in the previous thought the things that we observe in our thoughts that can be rules - we can note them and follow.