I think I need to move towards projects.

I have a few main things going on right now:
1. This itself
2. SVK English Classes Youtube Channel 
3. Mridhu by Elsa

1. jithusunny.com: I want to be able to record my full day basically in this.
Things like this, but anything and everything I can practically identify and document:
Brushing
Bathing
Restroom
Warm up
Meditation
Walking
Conversation
Praying
Eating (breakfast/lunch/dinner/snacks)
Drinking (tea/juice/water/ etc)
Sleeping
Dreaming
Playing with Ian
Bathing Ian
Taking Ian for morning walk
Folding clothes
Putting clothes for drying
Putting clothes in Washing machine
Cleaning Robocleaner
Ordering grocery
Paying X amount to this person/company/app
Buying XYZ from amazon for PQR amount
Watching XYZ video on Youtube
Listening to song XYZ
Driving car from A to B
Working on Project (SVK/Mridhu/jithusunny/etc.)
Capture thought stream
Dropping wife at office
Visiting Neethu
Going to supermarket/mall
Eating from hotel, paying
Getting repairs done with Electrician
etc etc.

Some of these can happen simultaneously. Eg: I may record thoughts in a morning walk.

2. SVK English Classes:
I have setup a workflow using Google drive where I can share recorded videos and details with editor and they can share the output vide and thumbnail.
I want to use that for a bit and then onboard more editors so that more videos can be edited and the process can be simplified so that the expense for editing 
can also be less.

I would also like to create a simple website to do this - if possible based on Google drive itself. To make things easier.

3. Mridhu:
Wife's setting up a online business. Bought mridhu.in, and added launching soon page, linked ot instagram. Would like to add a website - but that can wait.
More important is getting the product images, videos planned, recorded, edited, etc. - this is the most important.
Also get ready to ship with enough covers, bags, label printer, etc .etc. And who will ship? etc.


So these are the main things that need to happen in parallel.
Progress on one side should if possible make progress on the other easier.

For example, if I make progress on jithusunny.com by adding support for managing projects better. 
I could use that for other projects.

If I build the video editing pipeline thing in a way that I an get videos edited quickly and in a reasonable cost, it can help jithusunny.com and Mridhu.

etc. etc.

Video editing is important, projects support in jithusunny.com is important.
All projects would need that or can make use of that.

I think I need to make a move to make projects support a reality soon first.