What is this whole thing about?

This is the beginning of a new phase in my life.

So far I have had so many experiences in my life - things that can be called negative, positive, neutral, etc.
This is something that wants to be created out of all that.

I want to capture the thoughts that occur to me, track all things that happen to me on a daily basis.
That includes the food I'm eating, things I'm watching, people I'm talking to, chores I'm doing, money I'm spending,
projects I'm working on, etc. etc. I believe that capturing all this info in a manner where all of that is interconnected has value.

Who wants this kinda thing? I want it.

I get so many ideas, thoughts, worries, etc etc. flickering through my mind that it is overwhelming.
This can help organize my mind so that I can lead life in a sane way and do things that make me happy.
I see similar problems happening to others also, but I don't want to force this on others. Let me see for myself first.

Thoughts are the basis of our actions, and hence our life.
So having clarity on the thoughts we have can lead to clarity in the things we want to do and finally would do.

Along with thoughts, I want to also capture the various events like I described: eating, going, getting, giving, watching, doing, etc .etc.
Soon I will also want all important documents to be saved, etc.

I will also want to form a tool based on thoughts I'm having to manage different projects as well.
This thought came up about this aspect in this project while I'm walking - I note that down, observation created, linked to project.
This is a new project I could create - idea -> new project created. etc etc
Think about the project requirements, capture main observations -> could be the basis for spec.
Later I get another thought -> update spec -> update code, etc.

The whole system will slowly get abilities: to chagne code, to deploy code, send message, read email, book calendar, send whatsapp message, buy storage, redeploy, edit video, regenerate Jithusunny story based on new events/thoughts, manage notes, etc. etc.
So soon we can just have thoughts and with some confirmations, have the system change itself, make progress on projects, etc. etc. etc.

Some fun things I want to do along the way.
I want to write a book about this - based on the events, thoughts, etc. etc.
I want to create a daily log video: soon I will start recording bits and pieces of everyday happenings. I'll have some way to manage that as well - a YT channel, project, etc, etc

I want to create a video out of this daily happenings, it should slowly start shaping up as a movie.
This is something that I want to do generally everywhere where possible:
- There will be simple raw truth - text/thought/note/event/spec/video clips/audio clips/photos/ etc etc.
- And as that changes, the downstream(book/video/movie/system/software/blogpost/tutorial/etc. gets refreshed easily - no need to manually edit.
You get me?

Tagging rulebook:
- Governs future → rule
- I will / won’t → decision
- Keeps pulling → pull
- Feels wrong → tension
- Changes understanding → insight
- Limits me → constraint