Last time I sat down to pay attention to my thoughts was 4 days back - that surprised me. How quickly did time pass!

This adds strength to the opinion that is coming up more often these days that time is not easy to catch hold of.
Things fill up time if we are not conscious about what is happening, what we are letting happen in  our life, etc.

This general sentiment about time flowing quickly and I not making much progress towards that direction I have in mind is bothering me a bit.

What can I do today to move the needle? (I don't like that expression a lot)

I wanted to go for projects, tasks, notes, etc.
What I started off doing was looking at my thoughts.

Thoughts are recorded as text, paying attention to when it occurred. Nothing else as of now.

Things I would need in the system soon are projects, notes, tasks, etc.

Thoughts are actually special kinds of notes.

So I had thoughts about switching to making a notes system to migrate to from my current obsidian.

It is also a bit scary, so I feel some resistance to taking it up.
From a system design POV, that looks like the step before building a thoughts journal kinda thing.
Notes are simpler. But I still need to keep noting down my thoughts, right?

Will this whole thing work?! :P

It's okay, it will as long as I am after this and not accepting some conclusion and stopping.
That's what atleast I tell others when they talk negatively about setbacks. Something like what Kobe said - I don't know what failure is.
There isn't such a thing. I do things, I see how it goes. I do things again. There is no failure.
Failure is when we say, I've failed and I am stopping this project.

Okay, so the decision that I need to take seems to be about whether I should pause on the thoughts, observation, etc. thing and switch to building the simpler note taking system them
and come back to this.

But that is not a good idea from a momentum point of view.
We need to pay attention to what we are paying attention in a project-based manner.
The note taking part of the system itself is a project. So is Project Zero - this whole thing I'm doing.
So is Mridhu.in
So is SVK Youtube channel.
And so on.

Maybe I can already have the projects side started - something simple.
It can have links to thoughts, there should also be events alerady I guess.

Let me think about it a little bit - I sit down, see what thoughts come up.
I note them down, I do a little bit of analysis of the thoughts and see the I should do this, I don't want this, etc.
I organize them into different projects (and buckets/areas or whatever?) and then I get more clarity when I look at thoughts/events in a projects view, area view, etc.

Can't I do that first?

Once I have that going, I can build the notes app, etc. and may be migrate/rebuild this whole thing in a better way, etc.
But the data needs to be migrated. The thoughts data, etc.

I think I'm doing a little too much of planning and research - or may be just repetitive thinking?

Okay, analysis-paralysis/too much planning/too much research/resistance detected!

What to do?

Do something that I should do, is relevant, is in the right direction, but requires not too much analysis/planning.

What is such a thing?

Just save this note and see it published first, then come back and ...

Yes, there was one big audio file I recorded during a morning walk. Maybe I can transcribe that and save it as a thought stream?

Then I can pass on that context and this thought to chatgpt to get a basic plan on the thought analysis thing I brainstormed that day.
And then do that. What say?

Let's.
