08.50-08.55
Reading Steven Pressfield's Do the Work.
He says stuff that makes sense to me.
My current state is, I have so many things in my head and I'm putting away the work.
I want a perfect plan before I can start.
But I'm greedy and want to do so many things.
So many things, most of which are radically different to what is around.
So I'm starting.
Putting this simple text, which is the thought I'm having right now, on my website.

11.51-11.56
Happy to see jithusunny.com with the first thought.
Having done a lot of thinking about the various things I want to do and the various ways I can do things, etc., etc.
I want to give the planner part of me some rest and let the doer part do something.
So here's the second thought - let's decrease the load on planning side and start doing some things.
Let's publish this second thought.


11.56-12.15
Happy to see the second thought on jithusunny.com.
Now let's see what else is popping up in my head...

There needs to be a place where I can crystallize and keep certain thoughts, and treat them like rules/guidance.
For example, one thought that I'm getting is this.

Writing a lot is fun, the flow is important.
The fluidity in expression is as important as expressing itself.
One thing that I tend to not like a lot is rework.
When I have to do work that is not really so efficient and is a bit boring, etc., I tend to not do that after the second or third time.
Every time I do something I must be able to mindfully do it.
I think monks who have practiced mindfulness and some people who by nature are mindful, etc., can do the exact same thing mindfully till they die.
I guess I'm not that person, and my life's predicament is not to become a monk either.
Though I often thought I would become a monk, it was a status thing I was chasing till sometime back.
And that is not completely out of the picture either.
Still I'm pulled to a life that is minimal, paying attention to attention itself, etc.
See I go into the story mode often.

What I was starting to describe is the thought that some rules/guidance can be extracted from all of the thoughts I'm having.
One such rule is, set the initial configuration, set the rules of evolution/causality and rest.
As I kept typing this, something came to my mind - almost gave me goosebumps.
I can call this the bigbang method or something.
The initial configuration once set, the next levels are deterministically generated from that following the universal laws/rules, etc.
And we can keep refining the initial config and the rules/evolution/process thing again and again.
But we don't interfere in between.
We do the creation part and start the thing - it goes on, but we take rest.
Isn't this similar to the creation story in Bible?!
Like God taking rest after creation? :)

Wow, I'm actually smiling now!
I feel like God.
It may be the case that this is the 1972656th execution of the thing.
i.e., God setup the initial config, setup the rules of the game and everything and hit 'Start' so it went bang!

Now this is part thought, part imagination.
Now I'm actively imagining as well.
I had this thought that I wanted to capture, but then this imagination/story thing came in between and it is so irresistible that I'm pursuing that to some length and will come back.
Feeling like Bindhu Panicker in the movie CID Moosa.

So God hit "Go", and is watching everything, hopefully.
And in the next run God will tweak the initial config and the rules/evolution/process or whatever so that bugs/limitations/issues are fixed as much as possible.
This includes as many why-did-god-let-this-happen complaints as well.
There's more to it - I don't think there are any reasonable complaints ever, anywhere.
It is rare to get this point of view clearly.
There is a reasonable, if not infinite, amount of divinity and potential in each of us, I believe.
More about that later.

The point about that was - we have the ability and potential to fix any issue, solve any problem, face any challenge and do anything we want to do.
That is definitely incredible to believe, and honestly I myself don't believe it most of the times.
But in a certain point of view that has some truth in it, I do feel.
So going back to the imagination about God and all this - God will not interfere until the big crunch, for example.

My thought is this way of operating is really God level - not boring, easy (in the long run), non-messy, fun way of creating.
Now I'm starting to actually doubt - is all this really the 1972656th execution of some God's setup?!

Now that was too much bla bla, and no doing at all.
Let's now do something.


12.15-12.45
Shared these thoughts with ChatGPT.

Let's say I’m having a stream of consciousness thing documented.
How to link to each thought?
Sometimes thoughts keep growing and growing and growing, get interspersed with each other, links to stories, personal, imagination, etc., etc.
I want the raw thing to be captured and then see the different things separately, clearly, but interlinked as suitable.
What to do when I’m having a train of thought for 5 minutes?
I ideally want them atomically so that I can link to and from and all that.

Soon we will have events also streamed into this.
So basically I will soon grow this into something where I connect my raw thoughts to, and it will be the raw/truth captured that is the base of everything.
I’m not sure if an event happened (e.g., I brushed my teeth) should also be a thought or should be captured as an event?
It might be good for uniformity’s sake if we keep everything a thought.
Or maybe having events separate from thoughts is better.
Maybe we can have both events and thoughts and base things in the system?

ChatGPT suggested to have events and thoughts as the separate, base nodes in the source/truth layer of the system — it makes sense.

Something like this:

Event E123:
  type: event
  timestamp: 2026-02-06 07:42
  description: brushed teeth

Thought T456:
  type: thought
  timestamp: 2026-02-06 07:43
  text: noticing I'm consistent with morning hygiene
  references: [E123]

LOL!

Makes sense.
Let’s update the thoughts we already put in that way with the help of ChatGPT.
We need some ID to refer to each atomic thought/event.
The best ID would be the timestamp (when it happened).

Nearby thoughts would be related — a coherent thing could get described through 100 atomic thoughts.
I think there should be some way to group them as well, so we can refer to a bunch of thoughts easily.
And naturally, the best way to have an identifier/name for a group of thoughts would be to use the timestamp range.
If there are thoughts that we want to omit in this range, we will need some notation like: this range, but exclude this and this, etc.
