Razorpay registration is done, selected standard plan for now.

Standard -> Free -> Postpaid -> no fee till Rs.5000 -> 2.5% after that
Plus -> Rs.499 pm -> Prepaid -> no fee till Rs.30,000 -> 1.9% after that
Pro -> Rs.2199 pm -> Prepaid -> no fee till Rs.150,000 -> 1.8% after that

Installed Razorpay Shopify Plugin on Shopify site.

There is some more setup to be done on Razorpay side, but I saw a note saying website review to be completed before that.
So we will come back to this.

Also got a mail asking for tax reg. number.
But upto some limit(40 lakhs) GST registration is not needed. So skipping that for now.

While waiting for paediatrician today(Ian's vaccination) discussed with ChatGPT the steps to make the first sale at Mridhu.
Saved the outline in project/mridhu/docs/first-sale-plan.md

There needs to be a place to keep documents like these.
One can say these are also made of thoughts. It may also be simple and beautiful if we keep thoughts at the base of everything.
But I somehow feel it is too much work to go through all that, understand fully, and record as thoughts.
I also don't want to lose that info in a lengthy ChatGPT chat. This is a middle ground. 
Can delete the docs folder and nothing that came from me will be lost.

If I overdo this it can become a dumpyard as well. Anyway let that be like that for now.


Yesterday night Elsa and I shot some pics/videos of two bedsheets at night with her phone with the bedsheets placed on the dining table.
Also used the halo lamp I had bought.

Pics are okay.

Today ChatGPT says, natural light is best.

There is a detailed plan that ChatGPT gave for bedsheet photoshoot.
Saved that doc as bedsheet-photoshoot.md

Also got the shopify setup steps also generated and saved ion shopify-first-setup.md

Next I will do the setup steps from start to end.

1. Store Basics:
- Filled general details - name, address, phonenumber
- Plan: Rs.20 till May, 2000 after that
- But I think this is for brick and mortar stores, maybe I need only a social starter plan which is also 20 for 3 months, but 400 after that pm. WIll check in may

Order settings:
- Don’t fulfill any of the order’s line items automatically
    - will have to manually mark orders as fulfilled after shipping
- Automatically archive the order → ON

Got a logo generated by ChatGPT.
Saved the prompt for the same as a doc.

- Logo: uploaded (default + square)
- Primary color: #C8A24D
- Secondary color: #1F1F1F (optional)
- Cover image: skip
- Added slogan, descriptin

2. Theme

- Got one theme from theme store - Heritage
- Selected logo
- edited colors as per brand colors I got from ChatGPT - dont see much change though. Can check later.
- Edited text in header, footer.

3. Added Product: Green cross stitched Bedsheet Queen size

4. Policies: set return policy, terms, etc etc.

5. Shipping - set to kerala only, Rs. 80 fee

6. Tax: 0%

7. Collections: has Home page collection now

8. Checkout:
I can later cleanup the way customer accounts/returns/etc work. I can have correct domain for checkout, etc.
Installed firepush app for sms - need to check this further the sms part

Now the site is minimal with just 1 product, but it looks good!